Add documentation for docker container (#25)
tconbeer/sqlfmt-docs: docs/getting-started/using-sqlfmt.mdx

sqlfmt can also format code passed through standard input (`stdin`) by passing `-` as the files argument. The formatted code will be output to `stdout` (all other output from sqlfmt is routed to `stderr`):
```bash
echo "select 1" | sqlfmt -
```
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="docker" label="Docker">

> sqlfmt is also available as a Dockerized container. This allows for formatting without having Python installed. It currently does not support the `check` and `diff` functionality.

Reviewer: This part isn't true. You can pass a command into `docker run` to override the default command. So this will run sqlfmt in check mode (and you can pass other command line args this way):

```bash
docker run -v $(pwd):/src ghcr.io/tconbeer/sqlfmt:latest sqlfmt . --check --line-length 100
```

Author: You learn something new every day. Will update it.

To format the files in the current directory and it's subdirectory:

```bash

> docker run 

Reviewer: I think you need to add backslashes here if you're going to use line breaks
```suggestion
docker run \
```

    -v $(pwd):/src 
    ghcr.io/tconbeer/sqlfmt:latest
```

> In this example `$(pwd)` will return the current working directory. All files in this directory will be mounted to the `/format` folder from where they will be formatted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example `$(pwd)` will return the current working directory. All files in this directory will be mounted to the `/src` directory in the container, which by default will be formatted when the container is run.
```

To format specific files multiple mounts can be passed to the container.

```bash
docker run 
    -v {path to file one}:/src/file_one 
    -v {path to file two}:/src/file_two
    ghcr.io/tconbeer/sqlfmt:latest
```

> 

Reviewer: Alternatively, you can mount an entire directory, and select specific files for sqlfmt to operate on by passing additional arguments to the container:

```bash
docker run -v $(pwd):/src ghcr.io/tconbeer/sqlfmt:latest sqlfmt ./path/to/dir ./path/to/file.sql
```

> To pass along the configuration parameters described in [configuring sqlfmt](./configuring-sqlfmt.md) an environment variable can be passed along:

Reviewer: If the mounted directory includes a `pyproject.toml` file, sqlfmt will use the configuration set in that file.
